Add pixi support (#23)
ami-iit/comodo: README.md

```

#### With hippopt

To work in comodo with [`hippopt`](https://github.com/ami-iit/hippopt.git) requires to install also the following packages:

```bash
conda install -c conda-forge -c robotology casadi pytest liecasadi  meshcat-python ffmpeg-python
pip install --no-deps git+https://github.com/ami-iit/hippopt.git
```

#### With Drake

To use [`drake`](https://drake.mit.edu/) as the simulator backend requires the following additional dependencies:

```bash
conda install meshio tqdm
pip install drake git+https://github.com/ami-iit/amo_urdf
```

### 📦 Installation with pixi

> An alternative and easy to use way to use comodo is with [`pixi`](https://pixi.sh/latest/) package manager. It automatically handles the creation and activation of virtual environments in which to use the different simulators that comodo supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative and easy way to use comodo is with [`pixi`](https://pixi.sh/latest/) package manager. It automatically handles the creation and activation of virtual environments in which to use the different simulators that comodo supports.
```

> At the moment there are 4 environments available: one for each simulator backend, (called `mujoco`, `jaxsim`, `drake`) and the `all` environment in which all of them are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment there is an environment associated with each simulator backend, namely: 
-  `mujoco`: for mujoco simulator
- `jaxsim`: for jaxsim simulator
- `drake`: for drake simulator 
- `all` for all the simulators
```
